README.md, before:

# Buildnode: A library to ease interaction with cxml:dom documents and nodes

## Examples 

Please see the examples directory for runable examples in each XML dialect

## Primary Goals
 * To define packages of functions that can generate specific xml 
   dialects (see the src/tags directory and associated asd files).

 * To add iterate drivers for various dom interactions
 
 * To provide a reasonable base of funcationality for smoothing 
   common dom interactions such as:
   * adding, removing, moving nodes
   * adjusting attributes and values
   * adjusting css classes

 * To provide a flexible tool for programatically generating 
   and manipulating various and sundry xml formats

## Authors
 * [Acceleration.net](http://www.acceleration.net/) [Donate](http://www.acceleration.net/programming/donate-to-acceleration-net/)
  * [Russ Tyndall](http://russ.unwashedmeme.com/blog)
  * [Nathan Bird](http://the.unwashedmeme.com/blog)
  * [Ryan Davis](http://ryepup.unwashedmeme.com/blog)


```
;; Copyright (c) 2011 Russ Tyndall , Acceleration.net http://www.acceleration.net
;; All rights reserved.
;;
;; Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
;; modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
;; met:
;;
;;  - Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
;;    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
;;
;;  - Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
;;    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
;;    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
;;
;; THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
;; "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
;; LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
;; A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED.  IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
;; OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
;; SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
;; LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
;; DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
;; THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
;; (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
;; OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
```

Commit message:

Clarified license as BSD-3-Clause across provided systems

README.md, after:

# Buildnode: A library to ease interaction with cxml:dom documents and nodes

## Examples 

Please see the examples directory for runable examples in each XML dialect

## Primary Goals
 * To define packages of functions that can generate specific xml 
   dialects (see the src/tags directory and associated asd files).

 * To add iterate drivers for various dom interactions
 
 * To provide a reasonable base of funcationality for smoothing 
   common dom interactions such as:
   * adding, removing, moving nodes
   * adjusting attributes and values
   * adjusting css classes

 * To provide a flexible tool for programatically generating 
   and manipulating various and sundry xml formats

## Authors
 * [Acceleration.net](http://www.acceleration.net/) [Donate](http://www.acceleration.net/programming/donate-to-acceleration-net/)
  * [Russ Tyndall](http://russ.unwashedmeme.com/blog)
  * [Nathan Bird](http://the.unwashedmeme.com/blog)
  * [Ryan Davis](http://ryepup.unwashedmeme.com/blog)

## License

For the licensing terms, please refer to the file named COPYING, located in the
root directory of this library's source distribution.
